and Jehoshaphat rested with his father's
and Jehoshaphat rested with his father's and was buried with his father's in the
and was buried with his father's in the
and was buried with his father's in the City of David Ben jehoram his son
City of David Ben jehoram his son
City of David Ben jehoram his son reigned in his place he had brothers the
reigned in his place he had brothers the
reigned in his place he had brothers the sons of Jehoshaphat Azariah Jehiel
sons of Jehoshaphat Azariah Jehiel
sons of Jehoshaphat Azariah Jehiel Zechariah as our Yahoo Michael and chef
Zechariah as our Yahoo Michael and chef
Zechariah as our Yahoo Michael and chef attire all these were the sons of
attire all these were the sons of
attire all these were the sons of Jehoshaphat king of Israel their father
Jehoshaphat king of Israel their father
Jehoshaphat king of Israel their father gave them great gifts of silver and gold
gave them great gifts of silver and gold
gave them great gifts of silver and gold and precious things with fortified
and precious things with fortified
and precious things with fortified cities in Judah but he gave the Kingdom
cities in Judah but he gave the Kingdom
cities in Judah but he gave the Kingdom to G harem because he was the firstborn
to G harem because he was the firstborn
to G harem because he was the firstborn now when G harem was established over
now when G harem was established over
now when G harem was established over the kingdom of his father he
the kingdom of his father he
the kingdom of his father he strengthened himself and killed all his
strengthened himself and killed all his
strengthened himself and killed all his brothers with the sword and also others
brothers with the sword and also others
brothers with the sword and also others of the princes of Israel jihad Rome was
of the princes of Israel jihad Rome was
of the princes of Israel jihad Rome was 32 years old when he became King and he
32 years old when he became King and he
32 years old when he became King and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem and he
reigned eight years in Jerusalem and he
reigned eight years in Jerusalem and he walked in the way of the kings of Israel
walked in the way of the kings of Israel
walked in the way of the kings of Israel just as the house of Ahab had done for
just as the house of Ahab had done for
just as the house of Ahab had done for he had the daughter of Ahab as a wife
he had the daughter of Ahab as a wife
he had the daughter of Ahab as a wife and he did evil in the sight of the Lord
and he did evil in the sight of the Lord
and he did evil in the sight of the Lord yet the Lord would not destroy the house
yet the Lord would not destroy the house
yet the Lord would not destroy the house of David because of the covenant that he
of David because of the covenant that he
of David because of the covenant that he had made with David and since he had
had made with David and since he had
had made with David and since he had promised to give a lamp to him and to
promised to give a lamp to him and to
promised to give a lamp to him and to his sons forever
his sons forever
his sons forever in his days Edom revolted against
in his days Edom revolted against
in his days Edom revolted against Judah's authority and made a king over
Judah's authority and made a king over
Judah's authority and made a king over themselves so Jehoram went out with his
themselves so Jehoram went out with his
themselves so Jehoram went out with his officers and all his chariots with him
officers and all his chariots with him
officers and all his chariots with him and he rose by night and attacked the
and he rose by night and attacked the
and he rose by night and attacked the who had surrounded him and the
who had surrounded him and the
who had surrounded him and the captains of the chariots thus Edom has
captains of the chariots thus Edom has
captains of the chariots thus Edom has been in revolt against Judah's authority
been in revolt against Judah's authority
been in revolt against Judah's authority to this day at that time Lib nur
to this day at that time Lib nur
to this day at that time Lib nur revolted against his rule because he had
revolted against his rule because he had
revolted against his rule because he had forsaken the Lord God of his father's
forsaken the Lord God of his father's
forsaken the Lord God of his father's moreover he made high places in the
moreover he made high places in the
moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and caused the
mountains of Judah and caused the
mountains of Judah and caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit
inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit
inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit harlotry and led Judah astray and a
harlotry and led Judah astray and a
harlotry and led Judah astray and a letter came to him from Elisha the
letter came to him from Elisha the
letter came to him from Elisha the prophet thus says the Lord God of your
prophet thus says the Lord God of your
prophet thus says the Lord God of your father David because you have not walked
father David because you have not walked
father David because you have not walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat your father
in the ways of Jehoshaphat your father
in the ways of Jehoshaphat your father or in the ways of ASA king of Judah but
or in the ways of ASA king of Judah but
or in the ways of ASA king of Judah but have walked in the way of the kings of
have walked in the way of the kings of
have walked in the way of the kings of Israel and have made Judah and the
Israel and have made Judah and the
Israel and have made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to play the
inhabitants of Jerusalem to play the
inhabitants of Jerusalem to play the harlots like the harlotry
harlots like the harlotry
harlots like the harlotry of the house of Ahab and also have
of the house of Ahab and also have
of the house of Ahab and also have killed your brothers those of your
killed your brothers those of your
killed your brothers those of your father's household who are better than
father's household who are better than
father's household who are better than yourself behold the Lord will strike
yourself behold the Lord will strike
yourself behold the Lord will strike your people with a serious affliction
your people with a serious affliction
your people with a serious affliction your children your wives and all your
your children your wives and all your
your children your wives and all your possessions and you will become very
possessions and you will become very
possessions and you will become very sick with the disease of your intestines
sick with the disease of your intestines
sick with the disease of your intestines until your intestines come out by reason
until your intestines come out by reason
until your intestines come out by reason of the sickness day by day moreover the
of the sickness day by day moreover the
of the sickness day by day moreover the Lord stirred up against Jehan the spirit
Lord stirred up against Jehan the spirit
Lord stirred up against Jehan the spirit of the Philistines and the Arabians who
of the Philistines and the Arabians who
of the Philistines and the Arabians who are near the Ethiopians and they came up
are near the Ethiopians and they came up
are near the Ethiopians and they came up into Judah and invaded it and carried
into Judah and invaded it and carried
into Judah and invaded it and carried away all the possessions that were found
away all the possessions that were found
away all the possessions that were found in the king's house doors whose sons and
in the king's house doors whose sons and
in the king's house doors whose sons and his workers so that there was not a son
his workers so that there was not a son
his workers so that there was not a son left
left
left except jaha has the youngest of his sons
except jaha has the youngest of his sons
except jaha has the youngest of his sons after all this the Lord struck him in
after all this the Lord struck him in
after all this the Lord struck him in his intestines with an incurable disease
his intestines with an incurable disease
his intestines with an incurable disease then it happened in the course of time
then it happened in the course of time
then it happened in the course of time after the end of two years that his
after the end of two years that his
after the end of two years that his intestines came out because of his
intestines came out because of his
intestines came out because of his sickness so he died in severe pain and
sickness so he died in severe pain and
sickness so he died in severe pain and his people made no burning for him like
his people made no burning for him like
his people made no burning for him like the burning for his father's he was 32
the burning for his father's he was 32
the burning for his father's he was 32 years old when he became king he reigned
years old when he became king he reigned
years old when he became king he reigned in Jerusalem eight years and to no one
in Jerusalem eight years and to no one
in Jerusalem eight years and to no one sorrow departed
sorrow departed
sorrow departed however they buried him in the City of
however they buried him in the City of
however they buried him in the City of David but not in the tombs of the Kings
David but not in the tombs of the Kings
David but not in the tombs of the Kings you